docs/contributing/1.-contributing-guide.md, before:

Contributing to concentration
========

Looking for a useful open source project to contribute to?
Want your contributions to be warmly welcomed and acknowledged?
Welcome! You have found the right place.

## Getting concentration set up for local development
The first step when contributing to any project is getting it set up on your local machine. concentration aims to make this as simple as possible.

Account Requirements:

- [A valid GitHub account](https://github.com/join)

Base System Requirements:

- Python3.6+
- poetry
- bash or a bash compatible shell (should be auto-installed on Linux / Mac)

Once you have verified that you system matches the base requirements you can start to get the project working by following these steps:

1. [Fork the project on GitHub](https://github.com/timothycrosley/concentration/fork).
2. Clone your fork to your local file system:
    `git clone https://github.com/$GITHUB_ACCOUNT/concentration.git`
3. `cd concentration
4. `poetry install`

## Making a contribution
Congrats! You're now ready to make a contribution! Use the following as a guide to help you reach a successful pull-request:

1. Check the [issues page](https://github.com/timothycrosley/concentration/issues) on GitHub to see if the task you want to complete is listed there.
    - If it's listed there, write a comment letting others know you are working on it.
    - If it's not listed in GitHub issues, go ahead and log a new issue. Then add a comment letting everyone know you have it under control.
        - If you're not sure if it's something that is good for the main concentration project and want immediate feedback, you can discuss it [here](https://gitter.im/timothycrosley/concentration).
2. Create an issue branch for your local work `git checkout -b issue/$ISSUE-NUMBER`.
3. Do your magic here.
4. Ensure your code matches the [HOPE-8 Coding Standard](https://github.com/hugapi/HOPE/blob/master/all/HOPE-8--Style-Guide-for-Hug-Code.md#hope-8----style-guide-for-hug-code) used by the project.
5. Submit a pull request to the main project repository via GitHub.

Thanks for the contribution! It will quickly get reviewed, and, once accepted, will result in your name being added to the acknowledgments list :).

## Thank you!
I can not tell you how thankful I am for the hard work done by concentration contributors like *you*.

Thank you!

~Timothy Crosley

Commit message:

Add instructions to locally install concentration from source
This helps folks making changes ensure that everything is working
correctly before submitting the PR.

docs/contributing/1.-contributing-guide.md, after:

Contributing to concentration
========

Looking for a useful open source project to contribute to?
Want your contributions to be warmly welcomed and acknowledged?
Welcome! You have found the right place.

## Getting concentration set up for local development
The first step when contributing to any project is getting it set up on your local machine. concentration aims to make this as simple as possible.

Account Requirements:

- [A valid GitHub account](https://github.com/join)

Base System Requirements:

- Python3.6+
- poetry
- bash or a bash compatible shell (should be auto-installed on Linux / Mac)

Once you have verified that you system matches the base requirements you can start to get the project working by following these steps:

1. [Fork the project on GitHub](https://github.com/timothycrosley/concentration/fork).
2. Clone your fork to your local file system:
    `git clone https://github.com/$GITHUB_ACCOUNT/concentration.git`
3. `cd concentration
4. `poetry install`

## Making a contribution
Congrats! You're now ready to make a contribution! Use the following as a guide to help you reach a successful pull-request:

1. Check the [issues page](https://github.com/timothycrosley/concentration/issues) on GitHub to see if the task you want to complete is listed there.
    - If it's listed there, write a comment letting others know you are working on it.
    - If it's not listed in GitHub issues, go ahead and log a new issue. Then add a comment letting everyone know you have it under control.
        - If you're not sure if it's something that is good for the main concentration project and want immediate feedback, you can discuss it [here](https://gitter.im/timothycrosley/concentration).
2. Create an issue branch for your local work `git checkout -b issue/$ISSUE-NUMBER`.
3. Do your magic here.
4. Ensure your code matches the [HOPE-8 Coding Standard](https://github.com/hugapi/HOPE/blob/master/all/HOPE-8--Style-Guide-for-Hug-Code.md#hope-8----style-guide-for-hug-code) used by the project.
5. Test your changes locally by installing your version of `concentration`: `pip install -U path/to/concentration/`.
6. Submit a pull request to the main project repository via GitHub.

Thanks for the contribution! It will quickly get reviewed, and, once accepted, will result in your name being added to the acknowledgements list :).

## Thank you!
I can not tell you how thankful I am for the hard work done by concentration contributors like *you*.

Thank you!

~Timothy Crosley
